Men gossip more than women

- What is gossip?
casual or unconstrained conversation or reports about other people, 
typically involving details which are not confirmed as true



-who gossip more？
It is commonly believed that women are the ones who love to spread rumours, and gossip
 about their friends behind their backs…but today, men…are worse! Men…love a bit of 
 scandal, and will do anything they can to be centre of attention with their colleagues
 and peers.

 It is often said that women are very interested in gossip, that they are always ready to hear something new and they always want to transfer information to someone else. That is true, but it is only partly so. Women like gossip, because everyone likes gossip, and they are subset of 'everyone'. All human beings like gossip. Because, gossip is the source of information. It is what opens the gates to our curiosity. And saying that men don't gossip is a big, fat lie. Men gossip in ways women don't even think about. And it is very interesting to see men gossip. It is very amusing to observe a group of men talking bad about someone. There are clear indications of jealousy, hatred and an urge to make oneself feel better - something that is always attributed to women.

Gossiping is not a womanly trait. It is as much a part of men's circles as it is of women's. It's just the style that differs. Maybe women have special 'gossip sessions' specially reserved to discuss about someone/someone's someone/someone's something. But men don't gossip in such a way. They are discreet. They'll drop a trigger to start the conversation, and then gradually weigh in, and when the discussion reaches an ignition point, they add the spark that causes the conversation to take place. So, it is false to say that men don't gossip. Maybe they gossip even more than women. (Sorry for revealing the secrets of the brotherhood... I really needed something to write about!)


-information to support the argument

In a recent survey conducted just this 2014:

men cannot keep a secret for more than three hours while women can for 
three hours and 40 minutes

men spend 30% more time gossiping than women

men have shorter attention span at work and have the greater tendency to
 get out of the way to have a quick chat

 According to a survey conducted in the United Kingdom by BMRB Research on behalf of BT’s Buzz-In facility:

20% of men spend up to three hours every day to gossip

men spread rumours more than women

55% of men gossips at work while 46% of women do

17% of husbands or male partners are more interested in pillow talk than sex while the rate in wives or females partners is 10%

In a survey conducted by onepoll.com in 2009:

men talk to officemates and friends for an average of 76 minutes every day while women do 52 minutes

33% of men feel happiest when talking with workmates

58% acknowledge that gossiping gives them a feeling of belongingness

31% of men feel that gossiping with their relationship partners makes them feel better and is more important than connecting sexually

A new study carried out recently by psychology lecturers at the Western Canadian Undergraduate University, Canada, claims that although men and women love to gossip, chatter tends to bring guys closer, and tear female friends apart.

The study found that men chat about shared activities such as sports, which automatically brings them closer while women chat about physical appearance – which can endanger friendships.

Yet another study recently conducted by global research company, Onepoll, revealed that men spend an average of 76 minutes a day chatting and gossiping with their friends or work colleagues, compared to just 52 minutes for women.

----------------------------------------------
gossip location
It found the office is the preferred place for men to exchange gossip, whereas women prefer to confide in their friends from the comfort of their own home.

----------------------------------------------

your opinion about this info

At first I was a little shocked when I read about it and I wanted a proof to believe it. To do this, I started observing the behavior of men around me, mostly my colleagues and occasionally my friends and family. The results were amazing – they gossiped all the time. The more I noticed the more I found them to be gossiping. They want to know what is going on in other’s life; they even spend a lot of time discussing other’s life.

There is this guy at work who spends a lot of time discussing about promotion and appraisal and how to impress the boss while there is another guy who needs to be the first one to know about the office politics. Then there is this third person who cribs about other colleague’s work, his boss etc. He even goes to the extent of making hush conversations with the manager and discusses about them. I often find men engaging in long conversation in hushed tones discussing about office politics or gossiping about someone at work.

So what makes them different than women? Well women do it out loud and men are a little discreet about it. They call it networking. While women gossip a lot with friends and family at home, men tend to do it at work with colleagues. Men gossip about politics, promotion, their boss or other colleagues or about girls while women do it more about their personal life and other’s personal life.

Gossiping is not a bad trait after all. It is kind of a social skill and if done just for pleasure and for a limited time is good and turns out to be entertaining. However gossip turning into spreading rumor or gossiping about false information is bad as well as dangerous.

Although gender does not really have much to do about who gossips. It is the individual’s personality trait that determines whether they gossip or not. However it is definitely a myth that women gossip more.

-----------------------------------------------
why men gossip?
It helps boost their confidence
We found that men felt better about themselves when they criticised another person's behaviour. It gave them a sense of moral superiority and showed others that they knew the difference between right and wrong

They have the greater tendency to talk and actually do it more than the opposite gender. First, they easily and quickly get bored. They have shorter attention spans. And they feel a greater need to belong and be the centre of attention. Talking which lead to and involves a great amount of gossiping is the result of the mentioned tendency, the product of getting bored and the answer to the mentioned needs. It can even be inferred that they are the ones who spread the talk that women love to gossip and engage much in this activity

Men' gossip topic makes them closer
Women more likely to compare each other from physical appearance or cause a debate
Superiority
Criticize others’ behaviour.
Boost their confidence.
To prove them they are capable of differentiate right and wrong.
Women inclined to pass on tittle-tattle to bond their relationship.

------------------------------------------------
The benefits of gossip

People are interesting. Gossip makes up about two-thirds of the naturally occurring conversations of adult men and women, so it’s unrealistic to expect kids never to gossip. And sometimes the information learned from gossip can be useful for navigating the social world

Gossip can have a positive side: It can help children figure out peer group relationships. Talking about others helps kids understand what behaviors are or are not valued by peers, who is or isn’t getting along with whom, and who is or isn’t trustworthy. Just as adults need to be at least somewhat clued into the grape vine at work or in their communities, kids need to know what’s going on with their peers.  

Gossip can also create a sense of intimacy, because it involves shared confidences. Both kids and adults are more likely to gossip with friends than with strangers. 

Gossip can hurt

On the other hand, it’s also important to help kids understand that they can hurt someone badly through gossip. Reputations can go down quickly, but they’re hard to repair. If you or your child has been the subject of mean gossip, you know how cruel words can hurt reputations and feelings. Spreading false rumors is a vicious thing to do. Sharing unflattering information or judgments about someone is unkind, and sadly, often the weapon of choice among adolescent girls. 

Gossip can also lead to conflict. Here’s a situation that comes up often: One girl says something mean to a second girl about a third girl. The second girl, thinking she’s being a loyal friend, tells the third girl about the first girl’s comments. The third girl is then mad at the first girl for making the comments, and the first girl is mad at the second girl for blabbing. Tears and ugly drama ensue.  

Urge your child not to repeat mean comments—to the target of the comments or anyone else. That just spreads meanness. If she hears a mean comment, she can say nothing and let the rumor die a natural death or say something like, “Well, I’m sure there’s a good reason why she did that,” or “I wonder if that’s what really happened,” or even “Hmmm, she seems to like you...” 


-------------------------------------------------
gossip topic
The study further found that office is the preferred place for men to exchange gossip and that guys are happiest when chatting with work colleagues, and 58 per cent admit that being a gossip makes them feel “part of the gang”.
The researchers add that women also love to talk about news but rather than focusing on politics or government issues, news about soap operas and celebrities are more likely to cause a debate. And any type of relationship is up for discussion – whether it is their own, their friends, their friends’ friends or their bond with their mother-in-law.

But whereas men's discussions are more influenced by what is happening at work, women are more inclined to take note of celebrity lifestyles, soap gossip and other people.
A spokesman for Onepoll continued: "Although they discuss very different things during their gossiping sessions, men and women agree on one thing – talking with mates, work colleagues or partners makes them feel like they belong."
MEN'S GOSSIP TOPICS
1. Drunken friends
2. News
3. Old school friends
4. Female colleagues at work
5. The sexiest girl at work
6. Spreading rumours
7. Promotions
8. Sexual relationships
9. Salaries
10. The boss
WOMEN'S GOSSIP TOPICS
1. Other women
2. News
3. Relationship problems
4. Other people's relationships
5. Sexual relationships
6. Friend's weight gain
7. Soap operas
8. Other women's boyfriends / husbands
9. The mother-in-law
10. Celebrities
